Add upgrade warning for `ansible_tower_fqdn` removal (#3720)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-provisioning-callback-for-a-host.adoc

|====
|Name |Value |Description
|`ansible_tower_provisioning` |true |Enables Provisioning Callback.

> |`ansible_tower_api_url` |_https://controller.example.com/api/controller/v2_ |Defines the fully qualified domain name (FQDN) of your {awx} with the required API path.

Reviewer: Looking at writers here for the exact phrasing. I mostly care that this is no longer the FQDN but rather a URL (so including a scheme and path).
```suggestion
|`ansible_tower_api_url` |_https://controller.example.com/api/controller/v2_ | Defines the URL of your {awx}, including the required API path.
```

> For {awx}{nbsp}2.4 or older, use `/api/v2` instead of `/api/controller/v2`.

Reviewer: I think it's best to first submit this to `master` and then cherry pick it. Otherwise we'll have a regression on the next version.

|====
|Name |Value |Description
|`ansible_tower_provisioning` |true |Enables Provisioning Callback.
|`ansible_tower_api_url` |_https://controller.example.com/api/controller/v2_ | Defines the URL of your {awx}, including the required API path.

> For older versions of {awx}, use `/api/v2` instead of `/api/controller/v2`.

Reviewer 2: Older than which version?

Author: AAP 2.5 - See the discussion here: https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/pull/3720#discussion_r1987691773.  

**Summary:** These changes are required for AAP 2.5+. If you're using an older AAP version or AWX (instead of AAP), these changes don't apply. In that case, you'll need to manually set the `ansible_tower_api_url` endpoint to `/api/v2` instead of `/api/controller/v2`.

> If unsure, check your instance's API endpoints to verify the correct path.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If unsure, check the API endpoints of your instance to verify the correct path.
```
